DOC: Proofread wireguard.rst (#1784)
vyos/vyos-documentation: docs/_include/interface-per-client-thread.txt

.. cfgcmd:: set interfaces {{ var0 }} <interface> {{ var2 }} {{ var3 }}
  {{ var5 }} {{ var6 }} per-client-thread

  **Enable threaded mode for all NAPI instances of the specified network device.**

>   Enabling threaded mode doesn’t require a device restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enabling threaded mode doesn't affect device operation and can be done while the device is up. 
```

"Device restart" can be interpreted in many ways, including VyOS device restart. Especially considering that there's no restart operation for WireGurard interfaces. I think it's better to be more specific here.

Author: Corrected.
